README.md, before:

# Weather Forecast App
This Ruby on Rails app allows a user to provide a US address and retrieve the current temperature and future temperature predictions.

## Features
- Accepts a user's input of a US address
- Determines address coordinates using the [Geocoder](https://github.com/alexreisner/geocoder) gem
- Retrieves weather forecast data using the [Open-Meteo API](https://open-meteo.com/)
- Displays the verified address, coordinates, current temperature, and 7-day weather forecast
- Caches the forecast details for 30 minutes based on zip code
- Indicates whether data is cached
- Implements error handling and logging

## Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/elaineyoung702/weather-forecast-app.git
cd weather-forecast-app
bundle install
rails s
```

## Usage
1. Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser
2. Enter a United States address
3. Click `Get Forecast`
4. If address is found, you will see a display with the verified address, coordinates, current temperature, and a 7-day forecast. Additionally, you'll see a note on whether the information was saved and pulled from the cache or if it was new data.
5. If address is invalid or an error occurs, you will be rerouted to the home page and asked to provide a different address

## Technologies
- Ruby on Rails
- Geocoder
- Open-Meteo API
- RSpec and Webmock

## Potential Improvements 
- add address autocomplete dropdown/Address Autocomplete API - maybe Google Maps Place API
- add weather for user's current location
- utilize an async worker to update cache - maybe sidekiq
- utilize sidekiq for API calls for retry capability

Commit message:

Update README. Update show view with more detailed address info

README.md, after:

# Weather Forecast App
This Ruby on Rails app allows a user to provide a US address and retrieve the current temperature and future temperature predictions.

## Features
- Accepts a user's input of a US address
- Determines address's coordinates using the [Geocoder](https://github.com/alexreisner/geocoder) gem
- Retrieves current temperature and weather forecast data using the [Open-Meteo API](https://open-meteo.com/)
- Displays the verified address, coordinates, current temperature, and 7-day weather forecast
- Caches the forecast details for 30 minutes based on zip code
- Indicates whether data is cached
- Implements error handling and logging

## Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/elaineyoung702/weather-forecast-app.git
cd weather-forecast-app
bundle install
rails s
```

## Usage
1. Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser
2. Enter a United States address
3. Click `Get Forecast`
4. If address is found, you will see a display with the verified address, coordinates, current temperature, and a 7-day forecast. Additionally, you'll see a note on whether the information was saved and pulled from the cache or if it was new data
5. If address is invalid or an error occurs, you will be rerouted to the home page and asked to provide a different address

## Technologies
- Ruby on Rails
- [Geocoder](https://github.com/alexreisner/geocoder)
- [Open-Meteo API](https://open-meteo.com/)
- RSpec
- Webmock

## Potential Improvements 
- Add an address autocomplete dropdown (maybe Google Maps Place API)
- Build out a more robust frontend
- Add a toggle that allows user to switch between F and C temperatures
- Utilize an async worker to update cache (maybe sidekiq)
- Utilize sidekiq to retry failed API calls
- Add a display map that drops a pin where the verified coordinates land
